Create github101.md [skip ci] (#69)
Western-Health-Covid19-Collaboration/wh_covid19_app: README.md

Currently under development by a community of volunteers.

> If you've never used Github here's a [Github101.md](https://github.com/Western-Health-Covid19-Collaboration/wh_covid19_app/blob/master/GITHUB101.md) to get you started with the basics.

Reviewer: There is a way to reference files in the same repo.  Have a look at https://guides.github.com/features/mastering-markdown/

I think its just like :
```suggestion
If you've never used Github here's a [Github101.md](docs/GITHUB101.md) to get you started with the basics.
```
